100 warm wishes, hugs and kisses on your birthday. You deserve it, so you'll have to sit still when we all give them to you. Happy birthday!
You're a very special person, and not just because you're special but whether you've faced bad or good times, you have always been a loving presence and kind hand for everyone around you. I wish you a birthday as special as you.
Wishing you many more years of good health, overwhelming happiness, amazing grace and perfect peace of mind. Happy birthday!
May every minute of your birthday be filled with the immense joy you've shared with your loved ones for 100 years. Happy birthday!
Count your life by smiles, not tears. Count your age by friends, not years. Happy birthday!
Happy birthday! I hope all your birthday wishes and dreams come true.
A wish for you on your birthday, whatever you ask may you receive, whatever you seek may you find, whatever you wish may it be fulfilled on your birthday and always. Happy birthday!
Another adventure filled year awaits you. Welcome it by celebrating your birthday with pomp and splendor. Wishing you a very happy and fun-filled birthday!
May the joy that you have spread in the past come back to you on this day. Wishing you a very happy birthday!
Happy birthday! Your life is just about to pick up speed and blast off into the stratosphere. Wear a seat belt and be sure to enjoy the journey. Happy birthday!
This birthday, I wish you abundant happiness and love. May all your dreams turn into reality and may lady luck visit your home today. Happy birthday to one of the sweetest people I’ve ever known.
May you be gifted with life’s biggest joys and never-ending bliss. After all, you yourself are a gift to earth, so you deserve the best. Happy birthday.
Count not the candles…see the lights they give. Count not the years, but the life you live. Wishing you a wonderful time ahead. Happy birthday.
Birthdays are a new start, a fresh beginning and a time to pursue new endeavors with new goals. Move forward with confidence and courage. You are a very special person. May today and all of your days be amazing!
Your birthday is the first day of another 365-day journey. Be the shining thread in the beautiful tapestry of the world to make this year the best ever. Enjoy the ride.
Be happy! Today is the day you were brought into this world to be a blessing and inspiration to the people around you! You are a wonderful person! May you be given more birthdays to fulfill all of your dreams!
Cheers on your birthday. One step closer to adult underpants.
Happy Birthday! You know, you don’t look that old. But then, you don’t look that young, either.
Happy birthday to someone who is smart, gorgeous, funny and reminds me a lot of myself… from one fabulous chick to another!
As you get older three things happen. The first is your memory goes, and I can’t remember the other two. Happy birthday!